Israeli forces have killed several
Palestinians during raids in the
occupied West Bank the village of burka
in Nablus and the City of tubas are
among the latest targets raids have
intensified in the past week Israeli
forces have killed 185 people since
October 7th let's bring in Muhammad Jam
jum he joins us live now from ramala in
the occupied West Bank Muhammad so just
bring us up to date then with the latest
on these Israeli raids what's been
happening so Darren first I want to
mention a raid that is ongoing in The
kalandia Refuge G camp that started
about an hour ago we are told that
clashes have begun um we are still
awaiting more details and we will get
them to you as we have them now let me
also mention the raid that was going on
in the city of tubas which is north of
the occupied West Bank we are told that
that raid has now ended and that Israeli
uh Army has actually left the city but
that had been ongoing for several hours
in the last in the last couple of hours
uh we were told that there were many
Israeli Vehicles as as as well as is isi
armed bulldozers that had entered the
city that there had been armed clashes
intense armed clashes over the course of
several hours um that there were
explosive devices hurled by Palestinian
Fighters towards the Israeli Army
members that were there in the city uh
and that as the Israeli Army was
entering the city earlier in the evening
uh that residents had uh had set tires
on fire to try to keep those Israeli
army vehicles from entering the city uh
now also I want to mention um nablas the
uh Village of burka uh we are told that
the Israeli Army surrounded a house
there that they uh destroyed many of the
contents in that house and that they
arrested at least four Palestinian men
as a result of that raid we're also told
that the vehicle of a civilian there was
blown up by the Israeli Army before they
withdrew uh one last one to mention uh
as far as the more noteworthy raids of
the last uh of this overnight into the
morning is kilia uh in which we are told
the Special Forces meaning that they
were in civilian vehicles that they
entered into kilia um uh they had
entered earlier in the evening they had
withdrawn and we're told that the
Israeli Army entered again now all of
this Darren as we've spoken about the
last few days as well these raids they
have become part of the fabric of daily
life in the occupied West Bank theyve
been intensifying since October 7th even
before October 7th they were a near
daily occurrence in various parts of the
occupied West Bank now as you mentioned
uh uh over
180 uh Palestinians have been killed as
a result of these raids um uh in the
last several months well actually since
October 7th um but this was already the
deadliest year on record for
Palestinians across the occupied West
Bank Darren all right Muhammad Jam jum
line for us there in rala Muhammad thank
you